ambulances rushed to reach the wounded
after two explosions ripped through a
crowd of MERS in the city of caman in
Southeastern
Iran video shows dozens of bodies with
some bystanders trying to help survivors
While others rush for
safety tens of thousands of people had
flocked to the burial site of one of
Iran's most prominent military
commanders kasim
sulamani he was killed in a US missile
strike in Iraq 4 years ago km solomani
has been killed and his bloody Rampage
is now forever
gone in Lebanon his bu's leader praised
sulamani calling him crucial to the
so-called axis of resistance against
Israel and said his Memory Remains
influential
Al today kasum suani is present in every
aspect of this War and what we are
seeing today are the fruits of this
great leader the sacrifices he offered
for over 20
years no one has taken responsibility
for the attack meanwhile the US state
department has branded as ridiculous any
suggestions that either it or Israel is
responsible but Iran's president Ibrahim
r is unequivocal warning what he calls
the Zionist entity that it'll pay a
price for the cadmon bombings
speculation regarding who is responsible
is R my personal Gathering is that that
this has been Israel this has been mad
definitely for me is completely clear
considering the events in the last 10
days the terrorist attacks they started
in Damascus then they in Beirut now in
Iran others urge caution until
investigations are complete Isis have
shown that it it is willing to do that
Israel might have uh wanted to uh uh
move and escalate against Iran to force
it to do something uh uh that might
escalate things and get drag the United
States against
Iran Iran's government declared Thursday
a day of mourning promising that the
country's reaction will be Swift and
overwhelming Mike leppel
elazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jaer